Update Symmetric Pointer Text (#276)
openshmem-org/specification: content/shmem_atomic_fetch_add.tex

\apiargument{IN}{ctx}{A context handle specifying the context on which to perform the operation.
    When this argument is not provided, the operation is performed on
    the default context.}
\apiargument{OUT}{dest}{Symmetric address of the destination data object.
    The type of \VAR{dest} should match that implied in the
    SYNOPSIS section.}

> \apiargument{IN}{value}{The value to be atomically added to \VAR{dest}.  The

Reviewer: Perhaps:
```suggestion
\apiargument{IN}{value}{The value to be atomically added to the destination object.  The
```
